# Building an API Bridge

Using Techcyte's classification webhook system, third-party developers can run their image classification code on their own infrastructure and report results back to Techcyte. When a user creates an image classification task, the webhook is notified with the appropriate variables listed below.

## Example Code Features
- **Modular Code**: Implement your image processing logic in `webserver.py`’s `process_image()` function.
- **Development Mode (`local_dev=1`)**: Test locally with a mounted image, generate fake results (e.g., four boxes in a 2x2 grid), save a visualized output to `/output/result.png`, and print results.
- **Image Handling**: Support DICOM/SVS/TIFF via `pydicom`, `openslide-python`
- **Visualization**: In dev mode, draws red boxes on a downsampled image for result verification.

## Webhook variables

- **Production** (all required):
  - `company_id`: Company identififier, useful for billing
  - `scans`: A mapping of scan identifiers to presigned image download url
  - `task_id`: Task identifier
  - `case_id`: The assigned case id (unused for most calls)
  - `model_id`: A user supplied variable used to customize webhook calls
- **Development**: Only `local_dev=1` is required;


## Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/Techcyte/devkit.git
   cd devkit/src/api-bridge
   ```

2. **Run the example**:

- Start the webserver
```
# Install requirements with
# pip install -r requirements.txt
python webserver.py --port 3000
```
- Optionally process your own image (default from CMU openslide)
```
python webserver.py --image-path ./my/image/file.svs
```
   
- Mock a techcyte webhook request
```
curl -X POST \
  --url "http://localhost:3000/webhook" \
  --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
  --data '{
    "company_id": "123",
    "scans": {
      "1": "http://localhost:3000/image"
    },
    "case_id": "456",
    "task_id": "789",
    "model_name": "model_x",
    "local_dev": 1
  }'
```

3. **Customize Your Code**:
   - Edit `webserver.py`, replacing the `process_image()` function with your classifier logic.
   - Ensure the output matches the required schema (see below).

4. **Running with Techcyte**

- You'll need to generate an API key and specify when running the webserver. API keys can be generated by visiting the `Company Info` page when logged in to Techcyte. You'll need `Uploader` permission with an optional expiration date. Copy the `ID` and `Secret` and store in a safe place.

```
python webserver.py --port 3000 --api-key-id e-_tfr-redacted-Vhjt --api-key-secret FNI-redacted-LvH
```

It is possible to run this example with `ngrok` (https://ngrok.com) and process Techcyte images locally for testing (`ngrok http 3000`). But a more robust solution should be implemented for production environments. 

## Results Schema
```json
{
  "caseResults": {
    "mitosisCount": 4
  },
  "scanResults": [
    {
      "scanId": "8615687",
      "geojson": {
        "type": "FeatureCollection",
        "features": [
          {
            "type": "Feature",
            "bbox": [x1, y1, x2, y2],
            "geometry": {
              "type": "Polygon",
              "coordinates": [[[x1,y1], [x1,y2], [x2,y2], [x2,y1], [x1,y1]]]
            },
            "properties": {
              "annotation_type": "tissue_tumor_positive"
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

See [Techcyte Swagger Docs](https://api.app.techcyte.com/docs/#/External%20Results/ExternalResults) for more details on posting results.

## Implementation tips

1. Running a GPU classifier non-stop can be expensive. Consider using a system like AWS Lambda (triggered by an API bridge event) and AWS Batch to process requests efficiently.

2. Images may be in `SVS`, `TIFF`, or `DICOM ZIP` format, handle as needed.
