docs/api-bridge.md, before:

# Building an API Bridge

Using Techcyte's classification webhook system, third-party developers can run their image classification code on their own infrastructure and report results back to Techcyte. When a user creates an image classification task, the webhook is notified with the appropriate variables listed below.

## Example Code Features
- **Modular Code**: Implement your image processing logic in `webserver.py`’s `process_image()` function.
- **Image Handling**: Support DICOM/SVS/TIFF via `pydicom`, `openslide-python`
- **Visualization**: On the Techcyte app, four box objects are drawn on the image for result verification.

## Webhook variables

- **Supplied in Production**:
  - `company_id`: Company identifier, useful for billing
  - `scans`: A mapping of scan identifiers to presigned image download url
  - `task_id`: Task identifier
  - `case_id`: The assigned case id (unused for most calls)
  - `model_id`: A user supplied variable used to customize webhook calls


## Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/Techcyte/devkit.git
   cd devkit/src/api-bridge
   ```

### 2. Run the example:

- You'll need to generate an API key and specify when running the webserver. See [creating an API key](./guides/creating-an-api-key/index.md)
- Start the webserver
```
# Install requirements with
# pip install -r requirements.txt
# openslide-bin may be required depending on your system
# pip install openslide-bin
python webserver.py --port 3000 --api-key-id e-_tfr-redacted-Vhjt --api-key-secret FNI-redacted-LvH
```
   
- Mock a techcyte webhook request
```
 curl -X POST --url "http://localhost:3000/webhook" \  
 --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
 --data '{ \
    "company_id": "2380941", \
    "scans": { \
      "8823846": "https://techcyteci-preprod.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/redacted" \
    }, \
    "case_id": "aHVtYW5DYXNlOjI0MjEzNjY=", \
    "task_id": "dGFzazoxODU4MzU=", \
    "model_name": "" \
  }'
```

### 3. Customize Your Code:
   - Edit `webserver.py`, replacing the `process_image()` function with your classifier logic.
   - Ensure the output matches the required schema (see below).


It is possible to run this example with `ngrok` (https://ngrok.com) and process Techcyte images locally for testing (`ngrok http 3000`). But a more robust solution should be implemented for production environments. 

### 4. Deploying

See [creating a debug request](guides/creating-a-debug-request/index.md) for setting up your endpoint in the Techcyte app. The only difference is you will fill in the webhook url with your publicly available url.

## Results Schema
```json
{
  "caseResults": {
    "mitosisCount": 4
  },
  "scanResults": [
    {
      "scanId": "8615687",
      "geojson": {
        "type": "FeatureCollection",
        "features": [
          {
            "type": "Feature",
            "bbox": [x1, y1, x2, y2],
            "geometry": {
              "type": "Polygon",
              "coordinates": [[[x1,y1], [x1,y2], [x2,y2], [x2,y1], [x1,y1]]]
            },
            "properties": {
              "annotation_type": "tissue_tumor_positive"
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

See [Techcyte Swagger Docs](https://api.app.techcyte.com/docs/#/External%20Results/ExternalResults) for more details on posting results.

## Implementation tips

1. Running a GPU classifier non-stop can be expensive. Consider using a system like AWS Lambda (triggered by an API bridge event) and AWS Batch to process requests efficiently.

2. Images may be in `SVS`, `TIFF`, or `DICOM ZIP` format, handle as needed.

Commit message:

update docs around jwt token

docs/api-bridge.md, after:

# Building an API Bridge

Using Techcyte's classification webhook system, third-party developers can run their image classification code on their own infrastructure and report results back to Techcyte. When a user creates an image classification task, the webhook is notified with the appropriate variables listed [below](#webhook-variables).

Example Code Features:

- **Modular Code**: Implement your image processing logic in `webserver.py`’s `process_image()` function.
- **Image Handling**: Support DICOM/SVS/TIFF via `pydicom`, `openslide-python`
- **Visualization**: On the Techcyte app, four box objects are drawn on the image for result verification.

## Webhook variables

**Supplied in Production**:

  - `company_id`: Company identifier, useful for billing
  - `scans`: A mapping of scan identifiers to presigned image download url
  - `task_id`: Task identifier
  - `case_id`: The assigned case id (unused for most calls)
  - `model_id`: A user supplied variable used to customize webhook calls
  - `jwt_token`: A task specific jwt token used for authorizing requests to techcyte (not required for local testing)


## Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/Techcyte/devkit.git
   cd devkit/src/api-bridge
   ```

### 2. Run the example:

- You'll need to generate an API key and specify when running the webserver. See [creating an API key](./guides/creating-an-api-key/index.md)
- Start the webserver
```
# Install requirements with
# pip install -r requirements.txt
# openslide-bin may be required depending on your system
# pip install openslide-bin
python webserver.py --port 3000 --api-key-id e-_tfr-redacted-Vhjt --api-key-secret FNI-redacted-LvH
```
   
- Mock a techcyte webhook request
```
 curl -X POST --url "http://localhost:3000/webhook" \  
 --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
 --data '{ \
    "company_id": "2380941", \
    "scans": { \
      "8823846": "https://techcyteci-preprod.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/redacted" \
    }, \
    "case_id": "aHVtYW5DYXNlOjI0MjEzNjY=", \
    "task_id": "dGFzazoxODU4MzU=", \
    "model_name": "" \
  }'
```

### 3. Customize Your Code:
   - Edit `webserver.py`, replacing the `process_image()` function with your classifier logic.
   - Ensure the output matches the required schema (see below).


It is possible to run this example with `ngrok` (https://ngrok.com) and process Techcyte images locally for testing (`ngrok http 3000`). But a more robust solution should be implemented for production environments. 

### 4. Deploying

See [creating a debug request](guides/creating-a-debug-request/index.md) for setting up your endpoint in the Techcyte app. The only difference is you will fill in the webhook url with your publicly available url.

## Results Schema
```json
{
  "caseResults": {
    "mitosisCount": 4
  },
  "scanResults": [
    {
      "scanId": "8615687",
      "geojson": {
        "type": "FeatureCollection",
        "features": [
          {
            "type": "Feature",
            "bbox": [x1, y1, x2, y2],
            "geometry": {
              "type": "Polygon",
              "coordinates": [[[x1,y1], [x1,y2], [x2,y2], [x2,y1], [x1,y1]]]
            },
            "properties": {
              "annotation_type": "tissue_tumor_positive"
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

See [Techcyte Swagger Docs](https://api.app.techcyte.com/docs/#/External%20Results/ExternalResults) for more details on posting results.

## Implementation tips

1. Running a GPU classifier non-stop can be expensive. Consider using a system like AWS Lambda (triggered by an API bridge event) and AWS Batch to process requests efficiently.

2. Images may be in `SVS`, `TIFF`, or `DICOM ZIP` format, handle as needed.
